Add a new `@studiocms/ui` package (#296)
astrolicious/studiocms: packages/studiocms_ui/README.md

# @studiocms/ui

This is the UI library that we use to build StudioCMS.

> All of these components can be tested [here](https://xwwcwkcogckso80wc0ggwk4c.entropi.cc/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these components can be tested [here](https://ui-testing.studiocms.xyz).
```
